# Meeting Minutes H-Team 23-Feb-2023

Team meeting held in person at the library.

Meeting time 01:30 PM - 04:00 PM

- Majid Khan Burki
- Adi
- Sumrish Hanif
- Heshani
- Mehadi

## Meeting Minutes Bullets

- Team members getting to know each other and strengths/areas of expertise
- A template repo is suggested as a good reference point to build off (Adi)
- Team agrees that Adi can be the 'team facilitator' within an otherwise flat hierarchy. Responsibilities include: 
  - prototyping and setting a general direction for the team 
  - acheiving consensus amongst the team for every technical decision and making sure all opinions are heard and debated transparently
  - helping individual team members with their code tasks or other tasks as and when needed
  - making sure all team members have an approximately equitable workload and contribution i.e, each team member has a code task and enough time to work on it
  - coming up with a team process/standard surrounding PRs, Git methodologies and conventions(subject to peer review)
  - suggesting a solution to and acheiving team consensus on the 'build and deliver' (CI CD) aspect of development so that the team has a common way to 'run and test' code. This involves brainstorming free options available on the cloud. The goal will be to prevent the "but it works on my machine!" problem.  

- Team agrees that based off the template agreed upon, the following will be the tentative tech stack:
  - Next JS for endpoint routing
  - Typescript as the language used
  - Next Auth for authentication
  - MongoDB as the database used to store quiz related and user related info
  - Chakra UI(which is built on top of React) for the front end
